Generate object reference docs (#3286)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/reference/objects/api-keys.mdx

Reviewer: Reviewed this comparing with current docs and noticed two things:

- Broken **Active Organization** tooltip (already flagged before) but making sure we have a paper trail to check against later. 
- When comparing the intros for `create()`, `getAll()` and `revoke()` btw this PR and current docs, found that we have missing info that is on current docs. This might be intended so didn't want to mess with it but I think for `create()` specifically, some of the info is key to have. 

**Example with `create()`** 

**Current docs**

<img width="704" height="243" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34b9c071-d7e0-419e-827c-83065b4ad58c" />

Vs. **this PR**

<img width="669" height="176" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e56c4ae4-7802-40d4-b347-eb75364d2df9" />

As an isolated note, will review the objects one by one and prob leave a general comment like this on each file corresponding to each object if there is anything I notice.

Author: this is a good catch! let me add that information back

Author: done [365ca33](https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/8276/commits/365ca336b04b994d1f5c741d2eed0227ab31b2e7)

Reviewer: The extracted Typedoc method pages for `getAll()` and `create()` were showing duplicate returns content.

<img width="719" height="471" alt="Screenshot 2026-05-12 at 2 34 16 pm" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b03e8ce8-848d-4c5c-ab5f-0e5b23dc6c37" />

Pushed a fix [here](https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/8276/commits/98fd223e499fee62518ddfb869aafe82797560bc) on `javascript` repo where I update `.typedoc/extract-methods.mjs` so if the method description already includes the `@returns` text, we don't add it again. Also the `revoke()` method was still missing the returns bit so added that.

> The `APIKeys` object is of type [`APIKeyResource`](/docs/reference/types/api-key-resource).

Reviewer 2: Verified against `packages/shared/src/types/clerk.ts:1166` — `apiKeys: APIKeysNamespace`. The `APIKeys` object is `APIKeysNamespace`; `APIKeyResource` is what `create()` / `getAll()` return.

The Properties section below this line is `APIKeyResource` properties, and the Methods section mixes `APIKeysNamespace` methods (`create`, `getAll`, `revoke` — called via `clerk.apiKeys.create(...)`) with `APIKeyResource` instance methods (`reload` — called on a single key like `apiKey.reload()`). Readers can't tell which kind of call goes with which method.

Pre-existed before this migration, but the typedoc switch makes it more visible. Maybe rephrase to something like:

```suggestion
Methods on the `APIKeys` object return [`APIKeyResource`](/docs/reference/types/api-key-resource) instances. The properties below describe `APIKeyResource`.
```

A fuller fix would split namespace methods and resource methods into distinct sections — happy to leave that for a follow-up.
